feat: Add new dynamic variable git_tag (#2041)
tektoncd/pipelines-as-code: docs/content/docs/guide/authoringprs.md

| revision            | The commit full sha revision.                                                                                                                                                   | `{{revision}}`                      | 1234567890abcdef                                                                                                                                              |
| sender              | The sender username (or account ID on some providers) of the commit.                                                                                                            | `{{sender}}`                        | johndoe                                                                                                                                                       |
| source_branch       | The branch name where the event comes from.                                                                                                                                     | `{{source_branch}}`                 | main                                                                                                                                                          |

> | git_tag             | The tag pushed to repository. (available only when a tag push event otherwise contains empty "" value)                                                                          | `{{git_tag}}`                       | v1.0                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `git_tag`   | Git tag pushed (only available for tag push events; otherwise empty `""`).  | `v1.0`  |
```

Author: didn't wrapped it in asterisk (`) because others are not wrapped.

> | source_url          | The source repository URL from which the event comes from (same as `repo_url` for push events).                                                                                 | `{{source_url}}`                    | https:/github.com/repo/owner                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| source_url          | The source repository URL from where the event comes from (same as the value of `repo_url` for push events).                                                                                 | `{{source_url}}`                    | https:/github.com/repo/owner                                                                                                                                  |
```
